Can you get a detailed understanding on the context of this meeting  based on the transcript and check these links to understand the tasks to be done later and https://jira.ringcentral.com/browse/INIT-28001 https://jira.ringcentral.com/browse/INIT-28002
ask me any questions if necessary. Also look into online if there are anything that is required. For competitor data and so on.

https://wiki.ringcentral.com/spaces/RCE/pages/1100338788/AirPro+Agents+in+CX+Supervisor+View
Also you can read this as well.
Here is the Jira token if required:  MjgxMzY1MTU0ODYyOgoKb1K6dMG9ChxGHREA3JmwH14D

Transcript:
Lot of changes that are going to be coming to the supervisor panel um in the next in the upcoming quarters. Um it does actually have to be rebuilt at some point from react to spring. Um and there are a lot of initiatives on a lot of different teams that are going to be, you know, impacting the supervisor. So please know my goal is to make sure that not you don't put in a lot of effort that gets undone and to make sure that there is consistency and coherence in these efforts and supervisor. So just uh be aware you'll probably hear a lot of noise about a lot of different supervisor actions. Um I want to make sure that these first two initiatives are very zeroed in on the uh on the scope that we are going to be doing. Um so the fir and I will make these initiatives prettier for executives. I wanted to just get the content done for the team. Um, so let's start with the very first uh initiative. So I do have a wiki page here and we're only going to be talking about two initiatives today.
I know there was three proposed, but I will tell you at the end why we're just starting with the new. Um, oh, I shouldn't have brackets. Okay, so the first one that we have is this uh CX Air. And I just Ally, thank you for calling that out. This is Air Pro. There are so many names being thrown around right now. I heard even a new one today um called AU or something similar to that. But just so that we're all on the same page right now, I know Ally I I said kazun tight when it was said to me. Um but the CX air when we're talking about in this context, this is CXA Air Pro. So these are AirPro agents and we want to bring them into our supervisor view. So if we look at and the wikis are linked in here. If we look at just the general uh project of airprox supervisor view you will see it's broken down into three phases or you know we can change the I know the the term phase is not very popular with the executives.
Um I can change this just into three initiatives but we were we're going to break these into very manageable chunks and at least from a scope perspective And then I'm going to uh rely on you all to tell me if you know you want to do stretch goals or not. I have this broken down into P 0 and P1's for these initiatives. But the first two we are going to be looking at are vis focused on visibility with um some stretch goals into monitoring. So there is a possibility that we actually are a you know if if from the technical discovery we might actually be able to address some of the P 0 in the monitoring phase in our visibility phase. That's you know I I I indicated which stretch goals we should try for and then there's also in the phase two there's actually intervention supervisor intervention goals that we can reach to as well um that we might not even need this phase three.
So I want to get uh all the technical discovery done on the first two and then we'll decide what we do for that third phase. So if we go into this first initiative. The big thing here is because there is so much activity around the supervisor right now. In fact, we might at some point end up um making it taking it out of just that supervisor um persona and making it more of an agent tools view. But that's just that's nothing you have to worry about for this initiative. That's just to tell you why I'm trying to keep this initiative very dialed in on the scope. So what I have asked for is I've put here every field that is available today on the um current supervisor and I've indicated what how it should be ideally interpreted for airpro agents. So we are going to adopt the exact same formatting today. We're not going to do any changes to the format because I don't want any of the work to have to be redone when it's rebuilt. So, you won't see anything new too here.
Now, how we engage with it could be different. So, for example, login I have na. We're not going to have the concept of log in for an airpro agent. They don't log in and log out. We will handle that a little bit differently here in the state. We will have an inactive state which is I guess the air pro agent of of equivalent of being logged out but because it can't selfinitiate a login we would want a supervisor to activate it that's going to be handled up here in the state so we have engage available and uh and active um the only new items are here with the asterisks we will need to add some new filter views to these tables. So we will want something that has um uh agent type air human all and uh if the error is visible do we want to see active inactive or all agents. Um we will be also adding to our supervis there will be one instant uh one piece on the admin side. Right now I have spoken with the uh airpro team they do not have any granular um access model.
So it's not like you can say oh you have access to airpro agents um in this group or uh this other subgroup there is a potential at some point that maybe we restrict the views of air agents based on source so you only have access to look at an air agent's uh performance if they are in this workflow. However, for this phase one, it's going to be all or nothing. So, we will have one uh piece on the agent roles where supervisors will have a checkbox to either allow for them to see airpro agents or not. It'll be that simple to begin with. So, um that is it for this very first uh initiative. The biggest piece of this honestly I think is going to be the backend work to figure out how to tap in uh to engagements going on in the workflow and extract from the workflow uh similar types of metrics that we are utilizing and information that we are utilizing on Q campaigns and manual outbound. and digital. Um, I'm going to stop there. Any questions?
Uh, Nicole, I have a question here. Uh, yes. As far as I know, the uh when the AR Pro, they publish some digital worker on their side and uh we will see all of the published uh uh digital workers in workflow studio. I mean the ringstax workflow studio and uh so maybe they have published the 10 digital workers, but we only the PS only configured one or two digital workers in the uh in our workflow studio. And how many agents would would like would you like to see in the agent list here? 10 or just the one that already configured?
Just the ones that are already configured. Okay. Okay. Got it. Yeah. And inactive state would be basically I think the inactive state is going to come into play and you know full transparency we I'm also just I'm trying to prepare for um scenarios that ar don't have validity today but will soon so for example right now there is a singular um price point for these airpro agents you know that's just the the benefit of early adoption um and just trying to get mileage. At some point, we will probably start charging per token or something similar.
You know, the pricing structure will change. So, you can imagine this inactive is not so much to see like we we're not going to be having our supervisors configure or assign. This will be more of a work force management piece where and we will in future iterations we're going to bring workforce management into it. We're basically um how much have I spent on my AirPro agents? Can I optimize the time when uh when I utilize them? Um or am I at my capacity for the amount I want to spend for them? So, that's really what this inactive is for is not to configure and bring agents online, uh but to take agents that uh are already configured for that workflow and at some point I you know I foresee them being brought in and out based on a workflow force management considerations.
Okay. So so yeah. So do we need uh some uh admin portal to have uh the ability for the admin to turn off or turn on the digital worker or we just reuse the workflow studio. Uh At this point, we'll just re reuse the workflow studio. Okay. Now, that being said, um we do have so right now there is when they're on the workflow studio, I think right now basically, but since we don't have control, it'll always show engaged available. But this once again, this is also um groundwork for the next phases.
So, for example, down here um let's go. Yeah. Um actually, I think I want to go here. I think this is sorry guys. Oh sorry um recue filter. Oh, sorry. Here it is. I finally found it. Uh okay. So change agent state. This is in our P 0 ask. Once I do think that this could moved to um a P1 after we do our technical view. But I did and that I'm sorry I had to look for it cuz I just changed it to a P 0 cuz I'd like to see if we can get this done cuz I do think it has um a lot of use. We do we would basically be creating this concept of inactive. Um so to change the agent state so you can only change it from an active to available and available to inactive because engaged of course is when it becomes engaged and if the a so this is not so much a admin um side feature. Maybe at some point there'll be an admin feature where they're able to like schedule their airro agents. Um but like I said it's it's just not been something they've surfaced just yet.
So So, this is an idea of what happens if you're a supervisor and you do need to get an Air Pro agent out of your workflow. The reason that this might be a P1 is because right now you could go ask an admin to just unassign them from the workflow, but in the future it might not be completely okay, unassign this agent. It might be something more um temporary such as cost that you want to just put them inactive orbit. So I do want to look into this as a P 0. I'm definitely open for feedback that we move this to a P1, but I do think it's something we're going to have to address at some point. There needs to be some middle ground between assignment and engagement.
Okay. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. Thank you, Anico. Mhm. Uh Nicole, I think I want to highlight that and maybe I need change input like for now the Nova agents, they don't have a concept of a sub account. So we will have all the uh Nova agents more air pro agents available in every sub account like equally. So when we do the supervisor uh dashboard to like display all the air pro agents we kind of should have a need to have a way to classify them under different sub account and if we do those uh state change um I'm not sure that going to impact the enablement on other sub accounts. So that's the thing that we need to consider. That's a limitation on the Nova site. They don't have a concept of sub account. Yeah.
Yeah. I think that's a really good that's a really good call out. And like I said, a lot of um a lot of this will be exploratory. Um I'm confident that we will be able to get, you know, the the goal is to just get some usable visibility and then if we determine that we need to make requests of the Nova team to actually support some of these. Well, we'll we'll learn that on the along the way and we can adjust and move those to future initiatives after the NOVA team. Um, you know, there there I have some questions here as well that I've reached out to the NOVA team. I don't know how much how strongly they have the context of what we're trying to do to provide me answers, but you know, skill is a very interesting concept because you can train your agents with different tasks and ide you know and so my thought here and Ally I don't know if you have any insight of this is there anything that is any kind of label associated with the Nova AirPro agent that we could surface here that would make sense to a supervisor yeah we can definitely have some discussion like workflow is a like a way to trigger it. It can be one of our filter. Yeah.
Okay. And then utilization is another very I honestly I need to think about this one more and um talk maybe talk to Eigor. Um we have a very specific utilization metric on our agents um associated with login time and engagement time. And honestly Ally, you saying that that these act across sub accounts? uh that makes this utilization metric even more interesting. Honestly, I think it's it's a good exercise to think about. I am totally open. I'm going to look into it more. It honestly might be at this time that we do NA not avail not um available or not applicable for this first phase as we try to figure out a meaningful metric. for our supervisors. Any other questions? Okay.
Um, I do want to show you down here we have our P1. These are our stretch goals. It just Once again, I think it's going to as we get into there into the, you know, working with workflow, some things that, you know, categorically might make sense to break into initiatives might also just be easy to do in um in tandem. So, I have these as P1s. We can keep this on under this other initiative and do work on two initiatives as one at once. Um but I do think it's at least worth looking to looking into if we have time. in in this initiative to see how much work it'll be. Um, but this is more on the monitoring side of things. Um, but you know, it it might be just as easy for us to grab transcripts and categories for our category alerts and feed the those transcripts into supervisor assist. So, this is definitely considered a P1 cuz it could be handled separately in another ticket. We could structurally even put it that you know, into another ticket and work it in tandem. But I'm putting it here just for visibility because I think it's as we are looking into all of these other features, I think to keep these in mind. Um, they might not be quite as difficult.
Um, I do also want to bring up um supervisor actions of uh rec uh and hang up uh would be to supervisor action on the uh interaction portal. Once again, to my mind, this could be very simple. Um maybe we'll run into complexities that we didn't expect. Um so all of these are set as my P 0 for right now. If we come back and there's some technical uh complexities We have other initiatives that we can phase these into. Okay. Any questions before I move? No. Nico, please go ahead.
Okay. So, let's move. So, this is phase 2 monitoring. So, you can see these are my P 0 that were P1's in the previous one. So if we can't work them into the previous ones or however you know if we want to do it in the tandem these would still for this monitoring these would be the top um options. So we also do have like actual monitoring. Can we do voice monitoring? Can we do um digital monitoring? Digital monitoring I think is is going to be interesting um because it doesn't ex exist like we're almost going to have to create a UI specifically for the supervisors to you know for cuz for the um the AI agents they don't need a a UI to have their conversation so we will actually have to take that conversation and just format it into the UI for our supervisors there are also two um metrics that the air pro agents should be able to provide us that we could then you know at this stage we would add two new fields uh the confidence score and uh the sentiment score. That being said if we add the sentiment sentiment is also something that we are able uh that we should be able to get from our uh supervisor assist. Um I You know, I'm just throwing this in there that if we add sentiment for our AirPro agents and we add that column, we should also be able to populate that wherever it's getting um recorded for our human agents as well.
Hi Nico, I have a question here. When you're talking about the supervisor assistant, you know, we currently have two uh essay. One is a legacy and the new one and the agency. So here, which one do you do you mean? Um, so until further notice, um, I do mean the legacy. So, and Ally, I know Grace talked to you. Has there been any, um, I last I heard that there was still trying to solidify when we would have access to the new Yeah. agent. supervisor assist. Yeah, agent like agent assist the phase one like it's going to happen in end of Q2 but there are many features not implemented yet and for supervisor will start on Q3 but there's a back and forth discussion because they are introducing a new dashboard so uh again I think Alexi Alexi Zubeno discussed with Jim like we need a way to switch between old supervisor dashboard and the new supervisor dashboard. So I do see there's a long time they got to coexist. We don't h we don't have a plan to sue and sunset our like old supervisor assist. I think supervisor yeah dashboard is more sensitive than agent assist that will be a like bigger discussion.
Yeah and I and there there are a lot of moving pieces in this um I'll I'll talk more to that once we're done discussing this initiative. And so I want to provide you guys as much stability to work within as possible. So let's go ahead and do this with the perception of the legacy uh in mind and until I until the landscape changes that's how uh I would ask you to proceed. Yeah, got it. Legacy will be our target. Okay. At least for Yeah. Okay. Thank you.
All right. Any questions before I move to our P1's and P2s for this initiative? Okay. So, the stretch goals for this are broken down into a P one because I have a pretty good idea about what this would look like in the functionality. P2 I believe gets just a little bit more ambiguous. It it becomes more of a good idea to be disc to be explored. Um but right now I from a product perspective it is more of just a what just that a really interesting idea for us to explore. So let's just start with the P2. This would be um the par the pause and barge. So this gets us you know if we were to look at our um our different uh phases intervention. So pause and barge this is an intervention um but it would behave a little bit differently to um a human barge. um you know that especially when we are talking about voice um you basically you're you're not going to be having a threeperson conference discussion um like you would with a human interaction barge. So basically when we do barge you need to put the agent into a hold and step in. And when we think about this experience um from from both the digital and the voice perspective. I think digital can be pretty seamless. You can pause the AI agent and just jump into the chat and honestly there there might not be a need uh to even distinguish. Maybe that's an option that we provide an anonymous barge versus a named barge, but you are not going to be able to do an anonymous large uh in voice because they will notice a difference in the voice.
So we will also have to think about uh some kind of handoff verbage. Um you know so when you hit pause your agent says some you know something they can customize of like let me hand you off to my coworker and then you come in. So this one is a stretch goal. Um similar to our barge. Um, but it's going to take, I think, a little bit more walking through the exact workflow of what that handoff looks like. So, it feels natural and it doesn't I I could see us very much looking to our customers like, "Oh, the AI broke and somebody had to frantically jump in." We want to make sure that this feels controlled and like a collaboration. Uh any questions on that one?
Uh Nico, I have a question about the post. Um uh actually I think the purpose of the post is take over the interaction by actually no matter the human being or other digital worker but uh in any case to just pause the digital worker because in that case the customer will not contact with any no matter human being or digital worker that's that's not friendly to the to the customer in the native um I I'm not quite sure about Oh, go ahead. Yeah, I mean just because in in the mockup there's a there's a function called pause, right? Yes. So the surv can click the pause and just just leave as it. So yeah. In that case or the experience for the customer it will um catch up by some default human queue or or some else.
If you've noticed I deleted the mockup from the ticket. Um we will need I'm going to get uh I'm going to get our designers involved to do mock-ups because I think those mock-ups were very much just kind of conceptual for a different audience. What I'm looking for here is that pars and barge would be they they would be the same action. You are if you are pausing your agent um you are committed to barging in and taking over that agent. Now, if you wanted another agent to take over, um whether it's another uh digital agent or another or Q, um then we do have uh recue here. We probably and actually I do think this is a gap. I do need to add transfer um probably that'll come because we don't have transfer today. That'll probably come in uh the second initiative. But that that's my take on it. You should never just be able to pause an agent if you you you could keep it with that agent cuz maybe you want to step in for something. Um I don't know, maybe it's even like compliance reasons. Maybe a human needs to take your credit card instead of an AI. I don't know. You step in, you take their credit card, you unpausep that same agent and you hand the interaction back over, but you shouldn't ever just pause the agent. So there should be pause and barge as one action. And if you want some other agent to take over, that's when you use rec.
Okay. Does that answer the question? I want to make sure. Yes. Okay. Um any other questions about pause and barge? No. So the last piece here is coaching. Um I think this is a very interesting concept. Uh and I probably I I need to probably know a little bit more. Uh and Ally probably rely on you a little bit to understand um what the AirPro Agent's capability is to accept real-time feedback. Um, you know, would it actually start acting like it was having a conversation uh with two people instead of one if somebody started typing uh coaching instructions to it? So, um this is a very interesting concept. I just don't know how it would work. Yeah, I heard there were also introducing aging the states to digital workers kind of a coaching automatically. Okay. So that's Yeah, but we haven't really discussed like how to implement it yet, but interesting to see. Yeah.
So I think this is going to be the farthest down on our priority list. I think there's just needs to be a lot more uh core work done. on the AirPro agents. Um, and so I have it down here, but yes, definitely something to keep on our radar. So, those are our two big initiatives that will just lay the first piece of groundwork um and functionality related to uh our supervisors. If you've noted I'm really going um in terms of the scope and I'm and I've already met with Allora today to discuss design. As of right now, we are trying as hard as possible to keep these initiatives very low impact on the UI once again because there is going to need to be that spring uh rebuild. Uh And there are I would say about maybe 10 uh supervisor initiatives on multiple teams road maps that at some point we are going to need to basically do a structural rebuild of the supervisor to accommodate for all these asks a structural rethink. So I want to make sure that the focus on this initiative is more So about making sure we can get the data um and you know start start figuring out how much can we make the information coming through workflow work for us.
Um I will say uh I I found um I I actually today found another initiative uh that was on the um um on this digital team that actually sounds like it should be with us. Um I I don't know how it ended up on the digital team, but I have taken it and I will see how this works into um our road map. This might be the third one that we start working on after these two. I'm going to start looking at it starting tomorrow. That being said, I also there is a potential that um we end up uh you know some team is going to have to take uh take on the structural rebuild of supervisor. Um so I I am in discussion uh with Carill and uh Alexi or I'm sorry Sergey to figure out what that looks like and um to see what team owns that. Uh and so it could it could end up coming to us. I just want to make sure you guys understand that if it feels like we are trying to be very conservative, we are because there needs to be one major push to restructure supervisor so that we can really start start adding more value ads into it and then hopefully by that point we'll have a lot more knowledge of AirPro agents under our belt and can really start growing the visibility and um providing more benefit. But I just do don't want you to do a lot of work that ends up getting having to be redesigned. Um so I'll stop there. Any questions?
Uh Nicole, I got one not related to this one. Like for now, uh Airpro agent, we have a like kind of a um temporary situation is that we call it phase zero and phase one. Like phase one is eventually what it looks like in workflow. It's going to be a note that can be easily triggered by any interaction. That's what what the ring site is targeting at. But there is a phase zero that before just to support Nova to quickly demo to their customer. So they treat uh air pro agent as third party IVA. They just configure the CP URL in our ring CX and then make it work. So like just to confirm those kind of airpro agents, those usual workers are not our targeted to display in the supervisor dashboard is it okay great so we only care about what's eventually going to look like in workflow yes great thank you yeah I would say honestly at some point um that might be a secondary ask because people might want to use our same dashboards to bring in that being said um I I think we would probably want to leverage this as a benefit to use ours um to start with. Yeah, sounds good. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
So, team, uh just so you know, the the initiatives themselves, uh I have work to do on them tomorrow. Please reference the wikis. They're I wanted to just make sure I had the information. for you all somewhere. I do need to get the initiives very pretty. Not only just because that's where all the sources of truth should be, but also for executives to look into. But for this kickoff call, I wanted to make sure that I at least had enough context and scope solidified for you to all start your work on. So, please uh don't worry, I will get those initiatives into the state that they need to be in. Um then kind of start over with those wikies cuz I think there was a bit of confusion when these initiatives got set up kind of as a placeholder um with those mocks from that were kind of like the ideas um in that presentation. We will need to to scale back and have different mocks with uh from the the design team but once again uh my goal is to keep the UI transition change very limited.
Okay, just to let you know that I believe that Jillian and Kson's team already started do some experiment on lab environment. Uh you know there are a lot of work on back side because digital worker is another words uh entity uh it's it's it's it's not in research uh data module. So we have to do something uh even we do not have the lockups. Yeah. Okay. And that's you said that's for the digital uh I mean the detail worker. Okay. Yeah. Got it. Okay. Well and I will be I met with Allora today um just to make sure she didn't want us to try to take on the rebuild with these but I think um there's just too many outstanding questions of what that's going to look like that we shouldn't start that uh just yet. So I will um you know GPE I I hopefully this is all making sense to you in terms of you know how we want to approach this more conservatively to begin with and why we want to um not leverage those designs in the ticket.
Yeah, this looks good to me. Okay. Okay. Nicole, I have Yeah. Sorry to interrupt. I have a question. Yeah. Uh I check the G dates of this uh air initiative and the GA date now is November. So is this the exact expectation from PM team or you will change the GA date? This what? So what I would say is this GA date. is our the very optimistic goal uh that when the QBR happened and all of these were highlighted as things that needed to happen. Uh these were the optimistic we will try for these goals uh leadership kind of expressed to uh the executive team. That being said um I I do think we need to deliver something by November, even if it is a proof of concept or closed beta, we will need to deliver something. Let's go ahead and do our technical discovery and we can decide what actually makes sense to present in November. I will once again I I never want us to uh sacrifice quality for uh quick turnaround. So, So if we are not going GA with a full phase, you know, first phase that customers have access to, that's fine. Let's put out a really good, you know, closed beta or proof of concept or we can come up with a more restricted Q1. So I will say we we are probably going to need to show something in November. What that's going to look like, let's go ahead and have do some technical discovery and have some discussion and we can negotiate what that actually looks like cuz I want it to be good whatever it is. Does that make sense?
Okay. Yeah. Thanks. Uh clarify Nicole. I think it's it's too early to talk about plan. So let's continue the solution design then we talk about the expectation. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. So just you know something will have to be shown in November but it doesn't necessarily have to be the scope as it was shown today. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay, I think does other have question to Nico. Okay, I think it's it's late in your in Nico, right? So, have a rest and happy you. Yes, thank you. And thank you all for dealing with my scatter bringingness. I've done a couple transitions uh and pretty quickly. So, I still feel like I'm in catch-up mode. So, I appreciate you uh your patience.
Thank you, Nico. Yeah. Well, thank you all and you have a good rest of your day. Thank you. Have a good night. Bye. Bye. You got idea. Hi. Hi. Oh, move. Uh contact over channel numbers in In message traffic interaction filter agent Smith. Agent filtering. channel number system. You can't put on the information. Fore suggested action. Bob Smith to email Q. Email message. Message. interaction assignments. Channel agents agent agent. I mean assist handling business. romary. No. Oh yes interaction. Fore conversation. Uh, take a main page. Okay. You got Fore speech. page. Uh AI team. ide. Uh, design support. idea. They they found Uhhuh. Where./jira /jira /wiki